[Clang][Sema] Reject template arguments not equivalent to their copies (part of P2308R1) (#193754)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now correctly rejects ``export`` declarations in module implementation
  partitions. (#GH107602)

> - Template arguments which aren't equivalent to their copies are correctly rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Template arguments which aren't template-argument-equivalent to their copies are correctly rejected.
```

> - Invalid template arguments which aren't equivalent to their copies are correctly rejected.

Reviewer 2: Does this complete the paper implementation?  Can we update the cxx_status as well?

Author: > Does this complete the paper implementation?

Yes.

> Can we update the cxx_status as well?

#73103 marked this paper as fully implemented. I have no idea how to update it.

> - Invalid template arguments which aren't equivalent to their copies are correctly rejected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Template arguments which aren't equivalent to their copies are now rejected, per P2308R1.
```

Nit, but this usage of 'Invalid' is a bit ambiguous, as it can give the idea this is talking about Invalid template arguments in a more general sense.
